Edits to style guide (#5762)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/community/contributing/styleguide.mdx

### Sentence length

Use simple and direct language and keep your sentences short. Avoid combining sentences, which makes the content complicated. The preferred maximum sentence length is 26 words.

### Contractions

In keeping with the casual and friendly tone, use contractions. However, use common contractions (isn’t, can’t, don’t). Don't use contractions that are unclear or difficult to pronounce (there’ll).

In new reference material, don't use contractions.

> For instructions that concern the safety of a person, equipment, or code, it's okay to spell out the words if you choose to, for example: 

Reviewer: I am not sure I am using the best examples in my suggestion, but I believe we could be more specific:
```suggestion
For instructions that concern important lifecycle operations of an environment, the functionality of databases, or when warning against actions that could interrupt a procedure, it's okay to spell out the words if you choose to, for example: 
```

> ``` 

### Tables

Use tables to display structured information in an easy-to-read format. We use two types of tables: Markdown and HTML.

## Markdown

If table formatting can be kept simple (for example, basic text formatting and using `<br>` tags for paragraph breaks), create a table using Markdown. This is the preferred table format.

To create a table, use pipes (`|`) between columns and at least 3 dashes (`-`) separating the header cells from the body cells. A return denotes the start of the next row. The text within each column doesn't need to align to be rendered correctly, and you can inline Markdown or HTML.

> We don’t use outer pipes.

Author: Is this true?

Reviewer 2: Yes.

## Dates

> When specifying dates for human readability, use the DD mmm YYYY format with a short month name in English. Where the date is being used in a column in a table, use a leading 0 on the day of month for easier alignment,for example, 01 Jan 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When specifying dates for human readability, use the DD mmm YYYY format with a short month name in English. Where the date is being used in a column in a table, use a leading 0 on the day of month for easier alignment, for example, 01 Jan 2024.
```
